Docs: document custom data loading; Refac: Make using custom file formats easier (#923)
CAREamics/careamics-restoration: docs/tutorials/custom_data.md

> As is mentioned in the [Data Preparation Guide](../current/data.md#custom-data-formats) CAREamics provides two mechanisms for training and predicting on custom data types. There is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned in the [Data Preparation Guide](../current/data.md#custom-data-formats) CAREamics provides two mechanisms for training and predicting on custom data types. There is:
```

1. what we call using a ["read function"](#custom-read-function), which can be used to read all the data to memory; and

> 2. what we call using an ["image stack loader"](#custom-image-stack--loader), which is more advanced but can be used for chunked or memory-mapped file formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. ["read function"](#custom-read-function), which can be used to read all the data to memory; and
2. ["image stack loader"](#custom-image-stack--loader), which is more advanced but can be used for chunked or memory-mapped file formats.
```

Author: updated in [b2277e8](https://github.com/CAREamics/careamics/pull/923/commits/b2277e8b736a285489d3a89e21a7d6dff918af5f)
